what's up guys the last time on the
Pacers Association we notched a
triumphant victory over the Dallas
Mavericks with Chandler Parsons who we
received in a trade and we also got this
trade offer from Luol Deng and Andre
Iguodala but that's not happening but I
did actually make another huge trade I
have traded two earths on new me some of
them I starting power forward to the
Clippers for Jamal Crawford a guy that I
if you guys have been following this
series you know he's a guy I've been
looking at he's a guy I've mentioned in
the comments below and he's a player
that I one point with and I remember
playing with him in my Phoenix Suns
association in NBA 2k7 so that was a lot
of fun and speaking of classic teams i
am planning on bringing those to you
very soon i'm just messing with the
rosters so we've got Jamal Crawford on
the team I have since promoted Chandler
Parsons to starting power forward in
place of ilyasova and yeah we're
something to two in the new season
that's employed three more games than us
but lost three more as well and I'm
really excited to just get into more
season 2 of this pace of association
because you guys been liking it so much
this video is now finally in 720p I've
kind of resolved my internet issues for
now for a little while at least the
Chandler Parsons derpy little video game
version of himself that looks nothing
like how he looks in real life he's
walking onto the court we get a rebound
right away iggy's coming down and I just
wanted to set the tone right away he you
know runs that pick-and-roll really well
with or not pick-and-roll giving go
really well with Paul George and yeah
just trying to play some defense here
but arenas I won't even lie arenas was
getting outclassed by D well all game
he's a really hard player to garden this
game and he's definitely someone you
want to use if you know you gotta my
team or something like that speaking of
my team I've got one of those as well
and then we start filming it soon so
look forward to that and Hawkman look
forward to that poster as well Iggy just
nuts faced Gerald Wallace there and that
was insane another thing I want to talk
about is crew load in NBA 2k14 baby
because it's coming and it's gonna be
awesome I don't know if Robbie you put
out a video
by now about that but we are super
excited for its only current gen but I
mean we're both pointed on saving up our
money you know we aren't you too rich
just yet but we are saving up our money
for the next gen systems eventually
we're you know we're gonna get NBA 2k14
day one on the 360 so maybe when the ps4
version comes out because i'm getting
the ps4 you know i'll pick up the 2k14
version and maybe do a comparison video
or something with the graphics and all
that but for now I'm gonna get back to
this patients association so we're down
five right here miss along three there
with Sefolosha in some dude named green
i'm sorry i don't really know the book
one that's very well hits a layup on the
other end almost get the ball stone
there cuz I keahak scrub but jamal
crawford was the spark off the bench of
this game he was really getting it done
you know we're only down five here but
i'll never mind Gerald Wallace is nasty
just look at that that was absolutely
insane and another thing that I did I
crossed the hell out of that guy the
footage actually when I recorded it it
corrupted so I wasn't able to get the
original cross over but I was able to
get the replay there thankfully so I
really crossed up some bench scrub there
with Jamal Crawford he's a lot of fun to
play with he's one of the best
crossovers in the NBA has one of the
best crossovers and has had it for a
long time but it got download that's a
nice dunk but we're still down 14 going
in to the second half here almost only
got a minute left in the second quarter
but Baron Davis open it up to Joe
Johnson I don't really know what ever
happened to Baron Davis I don't know if
he's gonna play again or if that knee
injury just ended him but Oh Paul George
with the spin move I love using that
double spin or a double tab d first spin
move on fast breaks it works damn here
every time and you know the Euro step
double tap and X their works pretty well
too but that was a great fast break I
really love how him her grand the floor
there and filled the lane correctly if
it was my player he would gotta
they incorrectly great on that way so
we're just trying to close this gap here
it's it's kind of tough to play against
these Brooklyn Nets team because you
know like I say I feel like I've been
saying the summer video but they're a
video game team I mean they're great in
real life don't get me wrong and they're
getting even better this year but the
pickups with celtics that they got but
they're a really tough team to play
against with super athletic players like
gerald wallace just duncan all over
people he loses a Rinus there and that's
just embarrassing so i need to timeout
there's 5 15 left in the third and we're
down by 17 it's just unacceptable so we
got to mount some kind of a comeback
pretty soon here pass up that three with
agree but give it to hey bird he was
playing really well this game i really
like the way he's moving without the
ball lately and you know we got the
bench in now here because you know
starters get gassed and I've been
hitting that mid-range shot with
Crawford a lot he's got a really good
mid-range game and its really nice good
you know pilot he's been hidden from
that uh his left elbow they're really
playing well and even passing the ball a
little bit to Sefolosha it was just wide
open under the hoop so you know we got
it down to 11 here get a steel there
with Larry Sanders and you know I'm
double-tapping be right here whoa that's
crazy but um it's just insane how often
that works and I don't know it's just a
move that I really like going to Jamal
Crawford you know he's in the free-throw
so he got it down to nine finally but
they hit a shot off camera there and I'm
just trying to close this gap like I'm
saying just gotta you know play the
bench right now so I can have the
starters for most of the fourth quarter
and that they're not tired so Jamal
Crawford is carrying the bench once
again got home just blew by Joe Johnson
there for the emphatic jam but seriously
Jamal Crawford is great he's a lot of
fun to play with and super athletic so
it's awesome unfortunately right now I
am getting my ass kicked by the Brooklyn
Nets it's tough I was raging at this
game but you know you gotta live with it
we're down by a lot in the fourth
quarter and things are looking pretty
bleak
oh wait hold on you guys hear that music
oh cool that's Chandler bang that is
Chandler Bing I've been sending him to
some camps actually and I've got his a
dunk packages more dunk packages
unlocked for him so that's a lot of fun
I've only got it down to 11 here and
this is one of the last books of the
game just Lopez embarrassing Hibbert
there they've got it back up to 13 it's
just not good we mounted some sort of a
comeback i guess but we weren't able to
close the gap unfortunately and another
thing as this beep fades in here you
guys got to check out rob these beats
this one is called conviction up the
imported from Detroit tape and it's
awesome so check that music out check
out Scout civil with his loud music you
guys can look at stats here I just want
to say thank you to all of you who've
been sticking this with this series I
hope you guys want to see my new ones
and yeah I'll see y'all later